(light music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ethereal music)
(electricity buzzing)
(light eerie music)
- Aw.
Aw. Gus-Gus. such a good boy.
Gus-Gus. aw.
That's a good boy. Gus-Gus.
(dogs panting)
Hey. my boy.
- Hey. Cameron. can you
guys turn it down a scooch?
I'm gonna give your dad a call.
- [Cameron] Such a good boy.
Yeah. hm.
(phone ringing)
(dogs panting)
- [Keith] Hey. babe.
- Hey. honey. what's your ETA?
- [Keith] Probably 10. 15.
- Okay. good. we're about
10 minutes out ourselves.
- [Keith] How's Cam doing?
- Ah. he's good.
He knows that Gus-Gus and Wembley
need a little more practice if
they're gonna win next year.
- [Keith] Thata boy.
What about our little lady?
- Oh. man. she's awake right
now and I tell you what.
earlier. ugh. it felt like she was doing
backstrokes in there.
I was dyin'!
(Paige giggling)
- Hey. Dad. did Uncle
Adrian's gift come in?
- Babe. did you hear that?
- [Keith] Yeah. buddy. I got right here.
I heard you guys put on a real good show.
- Yeah. pretty good I guess.
- [Keith] Sorry I couldn't be there. Cam.
I'm sorry. these guys just
they flew in for this meeting.
I had to be there.
I'm sorry I couldn't get out of it.
- It's okay. Dad.
You're allowed one miss.
- [Keith] It'll be the last miss.
- Keith. so Clara is
already over at Adrian's.
- Yeah.
- And you know how she is.
- [Keith] Uh. she's good for it.
- Okay. well. actually I'm about
to Adrian's road right now.
You know how tricky it can be for me.
I'm gonna go ahead and get off here.
- [Keith] You got it.
- Okay. love you.
Drive safe.
- Love y'all.
See you soon.
- Hey. Cameron. we're almost there.
- It's okay. Gus-Gus and Wembley.
We'll win next year. don't worry.
(light eerie music)
- [Paige] Okay. Cameron.
you guys need to make sure
to go in nice and quiet. okay?
You know that your Uncle Adrian
isn't feeling too well right now.
- [Popeye] I said. what are
you gonna do about it. huh?
- Arm please and you know the drill.
Adrian. how many times are you
gonna read that blasted book?
- Not enough.
I just keep finding fixes.
(air hissing)
- I think you'd know
it well enough by now.
you wrote the thing.
- Clara does the same
thing with her paintings.
- Guilty as charged.
(air hissing)
- All right. Cheryl. let's
turn things on you now.
You gonna give Robert that tool set
or you just gonna keep
sitting on it forever?
- Our anniversary isn't for
another week. Mr. Smartypants.
(Velcro ripping)
- You should've written
Monette out of the book.
and put in that mysterious girl
you dated 10 years ago that
you're always talking about.
whose name still nobody knows.
(Adrian coughing)
He writes in his terrible
ex-wife. Monette.
and the girl he's really into
never makes an appearance
in any of his books for some reason.
And I'm his sister and
I can't get a mention.
- Well. she may not appear
in any of his books.
but Shannon shows up in a dream or two.
- Oh. Shannon.
We finally have a name.
- You do realize you talk
in your sleep. right?
- [Cameron] Uncle Adrian.
- [Adrian] Hey. hey.
Cameron. how'd you guys do?
- Not so hot.
They seem to forget everything
when everyone is watching.
- Like what?
- They forgot how to shake hands.
- No.
Let's see.
- Sit. shake.
Good boy.
Shake. good boy.
Now they do it.
- He's being stubborn again.
- His usual.
- Mm hm.
- So. tell me. how did it go?
- So. it went.
The buddies were pretty excited
and everything basically
went out the window.
- Hey. Wembley.
- Oh. man.
Well. Cameron seems to
be taking it really well.
- Yeah. he's a trooper.
- Where's Keith?
I thought he was coming.
- Oh. he's on his way.
He should be here any minute.
- I'm actually gonna go
out into the other room
to finish up these charts.
- Okay.
- But it was really good
to see you guys.
- Thanks. Cheryl.
Thanks for taking care
of our wacky brother.
- Of course.
- How are you doing today?
Are you eating?
- Yeah.
Looks like you've been eating.
- Hey. Dad.
- Stop.
Oh. hey. honey.
- Hey.
- Hey. Keith.
The snow all melted yet?
- Yeah. you know Highway 55?
There was some up there near
Cascade. but Payette River.
it was really up right now.
- Really?
Man. it seems like that
river is either always up
at the wrong time or always
down at the wrong time.
- Uncle Adrian. I know your birthday isn't
for another month. but I couldn't wait.
- [Adrian] What's this?
- I saved up and bought it myself.
Huh. Dad?
- Sure did.
- Yeah.
He saw it in one of those
little shoppers on our flight
in January and he knew
you just had to have it.
- What is this?
Wow.
- Wow. I'd have to sell a six by nine
oil painting to buy that.
- I love it.
I can't wait to write something with it.
In fact. I might write
something with it tonight.
Thanks a lot. Cameron. I really like it.
- You're welcome.
- All right. gang. it's getting late.
We have a late night tonight.
We gotta get ready for
work and school tomorrow.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- All right. sounds good.
- I'll see you next time.
- All right. I'll catch up
with you this weekend.
- You got it. Keith.
- Thanks for reminding me.
I have six packages I have
to get ready for tomorrow morning.
- Oh. your business is picking up. huh?
- Oh. yeah.
- I'm gonna head out
with them; I'm gonna bum off some of their
turkey slow roasted chili
that's been going all morning.
- Ah.
- Don't think that I forgot.
- No.
- Truth comes out.
- Well. you know I always
bring you your leftovers.
- You better.
All right. I'll see you next time.
- All right. have a good night. Bye.
- Paige. Paige.
- What's up. what?
What is it?
- I'm thinking about
working on something new.
- Okay.
- It may not be down
in manuscript form as soon I'd like.
but well. just in case something happens
and it doesn't get finished.
No. don't do that. don't do that.
- All right.
- We're not going there yet.
- What is it about?
- Adrian can't sleep.
that's what it's about.
- You still can't sleep. even
with all this pain medication?
- Oh. nevermind that. this is special.
It's nonfiction this time.
Heck. you might even like it.
- [Keith] Paige. you ready to head out?
- Yeah. I'm coming. honey.
I gotta get going.
- All right. I'll see you next time.
- All right. have a good night.
- Tomorrow.
- Okay. bye-bye.
(light music)
- [Bud] The opportunity will come again
for you to see her again.
- I can't go there.
- Let it happen.
- Hey. you ready for your evening shot?
- I guess I have no choice.
- You sure. you usually turn me down.
I'm shocked.
- Okay. well. since I'm
getting my way today I guess.
- Well. not that much of a way.
Do you want some melatonin
to help you sleep?
- Nah. I'm good.
I'm not in pain right now.
- Whiskey?
- No.
- Lullaby?
- Now that one's kinda tempting.
- Oh. please don't.
I really can't sing.
- Yeah. I've heard you sing before.
- Yeah.
- Nah. I'm good.
- All right.
Well. Mr. Stubborn. at some
point you and I are gonna have
a conversation about you secretly
quitting your chemo and your radiation.
Now you're not even using the
light duty stuff to help you.
Are you sure you don't want something
to help you sleep tonight?
- No thanks. Cheryl.
I'm gonna be sleeping real good tonight.
- Okay.
I'll come back in later before
I go home for my own sleep
just to check in case you
change your mind. okay?
All right.
- Hey. Cheryl.
- Yeah?
- If I woulda had three sisters.
you woulda been the third.
(light ethereal music)
- [Man] All right. let's go.
When we get there. I want
you guys to wait for me
at the end of the road.
Wait for me. I'm going in alone.
I wanna find him.
- Yeah. do we?
(soft music)
(man laughing)
- [Woman] His mother
must've been a good woman.
(phone ringing)
- [Man] I wanted to do
something. but I couldn't.
- [Paige] Hey. Cheryl.
- Do me a favor and take
care of that little one
and sit down first. okay?
Yeah. he's. he's gone.
(somber music)
- How?
(Paige crying)
I don't understand. we were just there.
He was fine when we were there.
- I'm so sorry.
(Paige crying)
- Okay. thank you. Cheryl.
Thanks for calling.
(somber music)
(Cheryl sniffling)
(somber music continues)
- Is it gonna fit okay?
- Yeah. it's gonna fit great.
Thanks.
- You got that. sis?
- I do.
Did you know he had this trunk?
- I was actually just thinking that.
I've never noticed it before.
- That's so odd. it was just
in the closet with his shoes.
But that does remind me of this.
Last night when I went
in after he was gone.
- What's this?
- It was on his nightstand
addressed to both of you.
- How weird.
- [Clara] You don't know what it is?
- I have no idea.
I've never seen it before.
- Did you know about this?
- No. not at all.
Go ahead and give it an open.
- Okay.
(letter crinkling)
"Paige. I wanted to
make sure you and Clara
got this before the publishing people do.
When you're ready. there's
something in the trunk.
You'll know. Adrian."
So mysterious.
- Thanks. Cheryl.
- [Paige] He gave us
a homework assignment.
- He was so mysterious.
- I was just thinking that.
- I guess he has one more
chase for you guys to solve.
- [Paige] Yeah.
- Speaking of mystery. where
is it that you're headed next?
- Pinecliffs Medical Center.
They were trying to get me to
work for them for months. but-
- That's right.
- I didn't wanna leave Adrian.
It didn't feel right.
So. I'll start next week
and complete change of pace.
Post-op care.
- Oh. wow.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. a lot different.
- A little easier on the heartstrings.
- [Paige] Well. they're
gonna be lucky to have you.
We have been.
- Yeah.
We really appreciate everything
you've done for Adrian.
- Let me know when services are. okay?
- We will.
- Of course.
- I wouldn't wanna miss that.
- Thank you so much.
We'll see you soon. Cheryl.
- Absolutely. you guys.
You take care and take care of that one.
(somber music)
- It's okay. bud.
It's okay.
(Paige sighs)
(somber music continues)
(light eerie music)
- We appreciate it.
- Yeah.
Whoa.
- [Paige] It's a lotta stuff. huh?
- [Clara] That's a lotta stuff.
- Oh. it's not that bad.
But now you know why I need to get here
and just organize it.
It'll help take my mind off of things.
(phone ringing)
- I have to take this.
- Okay.
Yeah. go ahead.
- Hello?
This is she.
By tomorrow?
Okay.
Yeah. I can get it done.
Okay. thanks.
Bye.
- Don't tell me you're leaving me.
- I have to complete my
commission by tomorrow.
- Okay.
- I'm gonna have to go.
- All right.
- Let me know if you need
help with anything. okay?
- Okay. I'll get started on it.
I appreciate you trying.
- Okay.
- Thank you. good luck.
- Bye.
- Thanks.
- Be safe.
- I will.
(Paige sighs)
- "I wanted to make sure you and Clara
got this before the publishing people do.
When you're ready. there's
something in the trunk.
You'll know. Adrian."
(soft music)
(trunk scraping)
(lid rattling)
(marble clinking)
What's that clicking?
(soft music continues)
Look how young you look.
(Paige sighs)
(Paige chuckling)
(soft music continues)
What's that?
Adrian.
(latch clicking)
"Working title that I don't like.
Wonderland. Utopia. Melancholy and Terror.
By Adrian Aytese."
(Paige sighs)
"Forward.
(Paige sniffling)
Not more than one hour ago.
my special nephew. Cameron-
(Paige crying)
Cameron gave me the best
gift I've ever received.
this pen that instantly
inspired me to write this out.
This journal book has sat with
empty pages since 2019."
- Empty pages since 2019.
at which time I intended to
materialize a bizarre experience
as well as a tender. yet
horrific reality from seven years
before that in descriptive words.
However. I just couldn't.
What is so vividly ingrained in my memory
from the two most unforgettable
experiences of my life.
were also the ones that I
couldn't bring myself to share.
Historically. I write fiction.
so I don't have to face some realities.
The mask is off the pen. so to speak.
Barely two years ago on the
tail end of winter in early
March of 2019. a simple visit
with my friend and neighbor.
Bud Millen. changed everything since.
I was still healthy as I knew me to be.
yet feeling terrible
from the chronic insomnia
that has owned me since always.
As an educated. well-traveled.
and intuitive man.
Bud knew this. especially
since I complained to him
with it every time I'm working on a book.
Sitting by the warm fire at his house.
he easily perceived
something not completely free
of destruction with me that day.
(fire place creaking)
(Bud groaning)
- Adrian. remember. never.
never. ever. ever. ever get old.
- I'm already getting there. Bud.
- No. you're not. no. no.
(Bud chuckling)
God. you think you're old?
No.
What is it?
You're not happy.
You're not like you're usually are.
You just finished a book. haven't you?
- Yeah. the scary part is it's
actually doing pretty good.
- Yeah. but normally when
you finish a book you're.
you're happy. you're excited.
Aren't you looking forward to it?
- Yeah. I mean. it's good.
I mean. the book's doing about
as well as can be expected.
but-
- No. no. no. no.
I've never seen you like this.
I've seen you on a number of books.
You're not. what is it?
Come on. tell me.
- No. it's actually doing
better than I expected it would do.
- Are you dreaming?
Is something bothering you?
- No.
- What. no. well.
if you're not sleeping. are you dreaming?
Are you having bad dreams. what?
- Oh. of course you know me.
Every time I write a book. I can't sleep.
But when usually when the book is done...
- Sometimes dreams can help you. you know?
They can. a good dream can
make you feel really good.
- Yeah. okay. and how do
you just make those happen?
- Well. I don't make those happen.
Um. (sighs).
You know. I've done these
archeological digs. right?
- Yeah and I was looking
at your picture earlier.
This is one I haven't seen.
Did you just find this and
bring this out or something?
- I don't know.
- I haven't seen this one yet.
- You know. I've dug in
Panama and Costa Rica
and New Mexico. Arizona. but I also.
I dug something else out that
just might be of help to you.
- Like a fossil or something?
- What are you gonna do.
are you gonna eat a fossil?
(Bud chuckling)
Now. this is between you and me.
And I'm not gonna tell you
which one I dug it from.
I'm gonna give you some.
A little pouch.
Here. hold that.
Now. do not take too much.
I. I. um. when I found out it
was safe and wasn't poisonous
I tried a teaspoon.
I didn't know where I was for two days.
- Um.
- Quarter of a teaspoon.
The tiniest amount.
It's fine. it's not
poisonous. it's healthy.
It'll make you relax.
It'll make you sleep again
like you used to sleep.
but it also gives you nice dreams.
Good dreams. very. very special dreams.
- I could use that.
Did you get this when you were doing that?
- Um. I found it in an Oya.
Some of the greatest pottery
every uncovered in this area.
but we found dirt. landslides.
all the stuff that has covered this ruin.
we had to dig that deep
just to hit the bottom
of the first floor.
(door thudding)
- [Paige] You startled me.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
I'm just going through Adrian's stuff.
- You sure?
- Yeah. I'm okay.
- Okay. if I can help you let me know.
- I got it. thank you.
- Okay.
- Thanks for checkin' on me.
- Yeah. okay.
- Up until that evening.
I wasn't exactly pumped about ingesting
this peculiar sand powder
Bud had discovered years ago.
but had kept secret from
the rest of the world.
It was an afterthought until
I had settled under the blankets.
(Adrian sighs)
- [Woman] All of it goes in the bag!
Now!
- [Man] All of it. now!
You better move your ass.
(light dramatic music)
- [Woman] I'll take that.
thank you very much.
- [Man] All right. now here's
what's gonna happen next.
Blondie. you'll lock the front door.
and then we're all gonna take
a field trip to the back room.
Nice and easy.
After all we've been through.
I still don't know your name.
- [Kat] I'm Kat.
- And I'm Joe.
- As in Sloppy Joe?
- [Joe] Uh. no.
I'm not that sloppy.
- [Kat] Yes. yes. you are.
I mean. look at you.
you can't even match up
a correct gig line.
- A gig what?
- A gig line.
It's a military thing you do.
My god. it's where your zipper. your belt.
and your shirt buttons
all line up together.
- [Man] Okay. enough.
- [Man] Dallas. my man.
Not a day grace to clear this up.
(suspenseful music)
- [Man] Find a number of lockers
there. put it one of them.
and then you'll give the key to grand-
(light dramatic music)
- The way we figured it.
we're 830 miles from Malibu.
(somber music)
- [Adrian] What the?
How can that be?
- I don't wanna do this here.
- Man. how can you be around normal people
and still be so slow?
What the hell's going on?
- Do this here?
- [Man] Need a shower on the
go no matter where you are?
(upbeat music)
You can even use it in your
home shower to free you up
of those pesky water hoses.
The Silver Shower Hoseless Shower
can get you clean anywhere.
It boasts a high pressure
endless stream of water
that features multiple stream settings.
Instant hot showers on the go
with no plugins or batteries.
Take it on a vacation.
Just 49.95 or three easy
installments for 29.95.
Upgrade to the golden model.
Act now and you'll get the
Rain Clean Golden Shower model
upgrade for the same price
as the Silver Shower model.
Call 1-800-SHOWER.
That's 1-800-SHOWER. act now.
- It's not really about the money.
I'm just never liked you that much.
You bullied me. you put me down.
I really didn't appreciate that.
You know?
You know where I'm coming from!
I don't particularly dislike you.
it's just that you were
in the wrong place.
running with the wrong people
at a very. very wrong time.
(woman whimpering)
Dallas. Dallas. Dallas. Dallas.
(hand slapping)
You can barely keep your eyes-
- Must be the drink.
(suspenseful music)
(Adrian groaning)
(muffled screaming)
(flesh squishing)
- You don't know if it's blood or sweat.
Just go to sleep.
♪ Go to sleep little baby ♪
(ominous music)
(woman crying)
- [Woman] Adrian. (chuckling).
Oh. you are a loser.
- I'm not Adrian.
I'm Eddie from "Stealing Sunrise."
(woman cackling)
- You pipsqueak.
You're a sorry excuse for a man.
Just let yourself go.
Oh. Adrian.
(Adrian panting)
- I'm not Adrian. I'm Eddie
from "Stealing Sunrise."
- You're who I say you are.
(woman cackling)
Keep running.
Will you just hold still?
Your family doesn't love you.
In fact. you're an embarrassment.
I shouldn't even call 'em your family.
It's not like they had a choice
to have you in their life.
Oh. you do look pathetic.
(woman cackling)
This ain't Cupid's area.
(arrow whooshing)
(body thudding)
(dramatic music)
- [Grandma] Keep you
from burning yourself.
- Oh.
- And if it looks pretty
enough you could hang it up
and decorate your kitchen.
- That's cool.
- Adrian. hi.
- Hi.
- Shannon. I would like
you to meet my grandson.
Adrian. I'd like you to meet Shannon.
I'd kinda like for you to be her friend.
- I'm too tough for girls.
Girls are for pansies.
- Oh. sweetheart.
You're gonna be so sorry you said that.
10 years from now you're gonna
be doing the exact opposite
in the way of thinking with a girl.
(light dramatic music)
- [Adrian] Shannon.
- To me like to her. you
know I didn't mean it. baby.
You know I run off at the mouth.
It wasn't what you supposed to have heard.
Lisa. come on. baby.
It's me. George. you know how it is
when I get that sauce in me. baby.
It's not what you think it was.
And it's not what you heard. baby.
You just have to give
me another second to...
Adrian?
Adrian!
Me. George.
(shoes tapping)
(light jazz music)
- [Man] You always do that to me. George.
- George from the Cotton Club.
- Oh!
Oh. yes. from my book.
- Oh. yes!
I wanna thank you because
you helped me out a lot.
If it wasn't for you and the book.
I would've never made
it into the Cotton Club.
Those fellas around the corner
was gonna rough me up
something really nice.
I would've never it inside and
I went on tour with Callaway.
- [Adrian] Yeah. I. I'm glad I could help.
- Hey. come here. come here.
You ever had a woman like this right here?
- I don't know your woman.
- Ooh. it's a good thing you don't.
You don't want a woman like that.
Check it out. this is what I wanna do.
You writing another book?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Am I in this book?
- Yeah. you're gonna be in it.
- Do me a favor.
Write me another woman.
I want someone that can get
on the dance floor with me.
you know. who can make
it work like this here.
She's gotta be tall. firm. mocha color.
like a nice cup up coffee.
Can you do that for me?
- Yeah. I can do that.
I can do that for sure. yeah.
- Really. you can do it for me?
- Yeah. you're in the book. man.
- 'Cause I can't do this no more.
Remember George is my only-
- I'm writing another one.
It's gonna be called "Magnificent Truth."
- Well. I appreciate it
'cause that was good.
- Yeah. George from my book.
"Magnificent Lie." chapter six.
- That's right. chapter six.
- He's chapter six.
Wow.
- Chapter six.
See. baby. I'm in a sequel.
I don't need you.
Stay up there.
Don't even come down. I don't need you.
Don't need you.
I'll do fine by myself.
- [Female Robot] Adrian.
you are a terrible writer.
(Adrian screaming)
I'm going to ram your useless head off.
That ugly head of yours is useless.
Stop writing books.
(robot thudding)
(Adrian groaning)
Stop writing books.
- Adrian. I just never
really liked your books.
And you wrote me outta the novel.
That really put me down.
I didn't appreciate that. you know?
You know where I'm coming from!
(Shannon crying)
Shannon. I don't particular dislike you.
you're just in the wrong place.
running with the wrong guy.
at a very. very wrong time.
(Shannon whimpering)
(hand slapping)
You can barely keep your eyes closed.
You're barely dreaming.
(suspenseful music)
(muffled screaming)
(Adrian panting)
Got something better for you.
(muffled screaming)
(flesh squishing)
(Adrian groaning)
(man grunting)
At first you don't know if
it's hot or if it's cold.
You don't know if it's
blood or if it's ink.
♪ Wake up. wake up.
wake up little Adrian ♪
♪ Wake up. wake up. wake up ♪
(eerie music)
(Adrian gasps)
- Adrian. I knew I'd be
seeing you sooner or later.
How's Paige. Cammy and Keith?
How are they doing. oh no.
nevermind the pleasantries.
You're wondering what am I doing here?
And you're wondering what am I doing here?
Meaning not you. me.
What am I doing-
(bell dinging)
Ah. that's time.
You're gonna have to figure this out.
Look. I'll be seeing you again soon.
Bet on it.
- [Man] Need a shower on the
go no matter where you are?
You can even use it in your home shower
to free you up of those pesky...
- [Man] "Saturday Night
Fever" is now rated PG.
because we want everyone to hear
the number one group in the country.
- [Announcer] Live at the world
famous discotech suburb hub
in the heart of the entertainment
capital of the world.
Las Vegas. Nevada.
(upbeat music)
(Paige sighing)
(chair creaking)
(upbeat music)
- [Adrian] Bud said it would work.
Maybe I didn't take enough.
- [Host] A gentle welcome
to the very. very elegant
and swanky Jubilation.
- Jubilation.
and Marny Allie who also works here.
Tonight is a very festive night.
Everyone is adorn with carnation wreaths.
and also everyone has food on their table.
We're here to celebrate. so join us.
- [Man] This station will be right back.
Thank you.
♪ Sinners take heed for the life
that you lead is deceiving ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- Adrian. this is for your own good.
- Yes. Adrian. we know
what's best for you.
- [Both] This is not an intervention.
This is not an intervention.
(dramatic whooshing)
- Adrian. as I predicted.
You must excuse the alteration
in my physical cotenants.
That is the direct result
of the chemical components
of the Mojave sand on the neuro receptors
of your hippocampus.
which be as it may. observe window.
Windows. it's time for
you to slowly leap out.
Inward. inward. inward look inward too.
I remember finding your-
(bell dinging)
That is my time.
♪ Wait. wait. wait ♪
♪ Till the sun shines. Shannon ♪
♪ When the clouds go drifting by ♪
♪ We will be happy. Shannon ♪
♪ Don't you cry ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll go down lover's lane ♪
♪ We'll wander. sweetheart. you and I ♪
♪ Wait till the sun shines. Shannon ♪
♪ By and by ♪
- Shannon?
- Hi. Adrian.
- Is that you. Shannon?
- Girls are for pansies.
- Oh. about that. I...
Things change.
♪ We will be happy ♪
- I need to find Bud.
♪ Shannon. don't you cry ♪
- Help me find Bud?
♪ 'Cause you'll go down lover's lane ♪
♪ We'll wander. sweetheart. you and I ♪
♪ Wait till the sun shines. Shannon ♪
♪ By and by ♪
♪ Yes. by and by ♪
- Does anyone know where I can find Bud?
- Bud. yeah. he's down
on White House Road.
just over the tracks.
- No. no. that's not right.
I saw him over at the gym.
He was just over there.
- I don't know. man.
- I went to the grocery this morning.
and I saw him in the meat department.
- No. that's not where he is.
He's over at Jack's.
- You don't know.
- He was getting short ribs.
- He's at Jack's.
- Ah. come on.
- Jack doesn't have short ribs.
Come on. you know that.
- Well. he's-
- [Singer] Check next
time in the meat aisle.
- [Singer] Are you guys new.
do you know who we're talking
about? (Adrian groaning)
- Are you trying to fall?
This is exactly where Shannon fell.
- I don't remember.
- This is the cliff where
you proposed to Shannon.
Right here!
She slipped. you tried to catch her.
You couldn't. she can't
swim and you couldn't swim!
- [Adrian] We can go see
the whole world again.
(gravel crunching)
(Adrian gasping)
Shannon!
Hold on!
- Adrian!
- Shannon!
(water splashing)
- The opportunity will come
again for you to see her again.
Let it happen.
- I don't wanna fall.
(ominous music)
- Trust me.
(Adrian groaning)
(water splashing)
- [Female Robot] You
bleed so easily. Adrian.
(robot thudding)
(Adrian screaming)
Nobody loves you.
Shannon does not care about you.
Stop writing books. Adrian.
- Poor Adrian couldn't hold on to Shannon.
Keith can't help you now.
Keith's not here.
(man cackling)
Bud is not your friend.
He is why you're here.
(people laughing)
Monette really dodged a bullet with you.
(ax clinking)
(Adrian screaming)
(man laughing)
(dramatic music)
There he goes.
(Adrian gasps)
- Upgrade to the golden model.
Act now. and you'll get the
Rain Clean Golden Shower model
upgrade for the same price
as the Silver Shower model.
Call 1-800-SHOWER.
That's 1-800-SHOWER. act now.
- Answering machine.
- Yep.
- I'll tell ya what-
- Answering machine.
- [Jeff] It's 3:30 in the morning
and the troops are ready to go.
We're gonna have a hot one tonight. Frank.
- [Frank] Jeff. this week
on "Newsweek Magazine"
which is probably the
most prestigious magazine
in the country today.
It says. "disco takes over."
I mean. we all recognize
the very. very fine talents
of the producer and the
very. very fine artists
that you have available to us.
We are delighted to have with us tonight
the internationally famous group
who've I've seen on my nights.
(glass shattering)
We're really very proud to
have you with us tonight.
But before we do. Jeff.
disco dancing has really taken over.
And you are known to be a dancer.
- [Jeff] I'm known to be a few things.
- [Frank] Before we introduce
some of the routines
that you have put together.
Jeff. disco dancing. it's here and look.
apparently it's here to stay.
- [Jeff] And the adults and the teens.
- Monette?
(Monette hushes)
- Adrian?
Well. um. this is my new. younger.
more attractive boyfriend. Brody.
- Hi. I'm Brody.
- He's a firefighter
if you can't already tell.
And he's like-
- Yeah. I fight fires
and put out-
(Monette hushes)
- He's like also super good with kids.
He was gonna be Santa Claus
for the kids this year.
but his six pack was showing too much.
And also. his hair.
You should see his hair.
- He looks like me.
- Uh. no. he looks nothing like you.
Like. can you see?
Are you still doing
those what. book writing.
whatever you call it?
- This guy is book writer?
He writes books and stuff?
- Yeah. like obviously
nothing too important.
(light music)
(man laughing)
- Adrian.
I thought I was very clear.
We were not to meet again.
Now it's too late.
It's too late.
You have no way out. none.
You didn't have a look
in the mirror did you?
You never looked in time.
(bell dinging)
You never looked in a mirror
and now your time is up.
(man sighs)
There's only one thing you can do.
Get some sleep.
- Stop writing books.
(Adrian screaming)
You bleed and cry like a baby. Adrian.
If only Shannon could see you cry. Adrian.
Stop living.
(dramatic whirring)
- [Man] Double time.
- It's time for me to go. Adrian.
I'm just gonna have to
leave and say farewell
until we meet again.
Goodbye. Adrian.
(somber music)
(snow crunching)
(body thudding)
- Adrian?
Adrian?
- [Adrian] Is that a rabbit?
- Adrian. you've got to look up.
- [Adrian] Shannon.
- Hello. Adrian.
I thought it important to come
and spend some time with you.
Your parents and their
well wishes and their love.
I've spent time with them.
They're so incredibly proud of you.
- Adrian. it's mom.
I know you've been struggling lately.
You should listen to the angel.
she knows what she's talking about.
- I'm sorry you've had
such a restless night.
It's gotta be hard having
all those thoughts.
all those dreams.
- You gotta concentrate
more on your books.
- Ignore that dream you had.
That dream wasn't real.
- Oh. yes. you will
have an opportunity to see Shannon.
You two will have a very
long time to spend together.
- Adrian. you've got to
go to sleep sometime.
- And honey. that night
of the car accident.
don't feel bad about that night.
- Adrian. you stay put here now. okay?
(somber music)
- [Adrian] Shannon.
- [Frank] And I would
imagine every young lady
in this audience would be privileged
to dance with you tonight.
- [Jeff] Well. there are some young ladies
in this audience that I'd
love to dance with tonight.
In fact. I was waiting for you
to ask me that question. Frank.
- [Frank] You know. before
we invite your group
to participate and show some of the very.
very finely tuned dance
machine. would you be willing-
- Yeah. they're getting warmed up.
- Would you be willing to boogie with me?
- Woo!
- Let's try it.
- All right. let's go.
- Let's go.
(audience applauding)
Let 'em hang out. Jeff.
- Come on!
(light groovy music)
(ominous music)
(suspenseful music)
(body thudding)
(ominous music)
- [Adrian] Following the
dreams and nightmares
when I collapsed after the vertigo.
vision disturbances and trembling.
I assumed that it was due to exhausted
or the stuff I had drunk
or something of the sort.
Later that day. I went to visit Bud
to give him my thoughts
on his special sand.
- Adrian. how did that
little drink concoction
that I recommend you make?
- Bud. I gotta tell you.
I had some good dreams
on it like you said.
- Good.
- But I had some really
terrible dreams too. I had nightmares.
I mean. it started out good.
I dreamt of my grandma
who's been dead for years.
And then. I saw myself in there too.
but it looked like my
nephew. Cameron. not like me.
I mean. a barber shop
quartet tried to attack me.
and they just. they were singing at me.
It was really weird.
I had a theremin player
try to creep me out playing
this theremin instrument
and all this other stuff.
And he's made up my head.
He's not even real.
A girl in a black outfit tries
to shoot me with crossbow.
and it just kept going on...
My ex-wife. I ran into
Monette on the streets of LA.
Haven't been to LA in years.
She has her boyfriend with
her. a new guy named Brody.
Some young guy in a fireman outfit.
Why is he wearing fireman outfit
in my dream? I don't know.
And then. to end it all.
I dream about my parents
with this angel trying to
tell me how to live my life.
- Adrian.
- Is it-
- Stop.
Don't take anymore.
No. I'm serious.
I think you oughta lay off.
Please.
Please. no more.
Just. just lay off of it.
- You don't have to tell me twice.
But I had dreams about you too.
I had good. I mean. you can
be the nicest guy in a dream.
or you can be the most
terrifying guy in a dream.
I don't wanna dream
about either one of you.
(Bud chuckling)
- That's what my wife used to say.
God rest her soul.
- So. you said you had
good dreams on this stuff.
but did you actually have
nightmares like I did?
Bad dreams?
(Bud sighs)
- Adrian. there were a great ones.
But I have got to tell you that
I have tasted my own death.
Death.
For years now.
Don't take anymore.
(birds chirping)
- [Adrian] Three days
later. I was proven wrong
in my assumption about the
reason for my collapse.
I was easily and swiftly diagnosed
with this disruptive evil called cancer.
(shoes thudding)
- Mom.
- Hey. honey.
- Are you going to bed?
- Not quite yet. but
you should get to bed.
It's getting pretty late.
Okay?
Good night.
- Okay.
- [Adrian] I had come to rely on advice
and many friendly visits
with Bud. but he went away.
That is to say that he disappeared
once my treatment began
and the medications had grounded
and dulled my perception
of my environment.
He was real for 74 years. but
I couldn't see him anymore.
Just as probably no one else could since.
He didn't move away with possessions.
You see. he was a spirit.
A ghost living in our
modern material world.
I have a printed file photocopy
to support my knowing of him.
I hastily emptied the pouch of sand powder
in the sink the morning after the dreams
and cleansed the suede
of its former contents.
I'll never know what was really in it.
I haven't seen him nor anyone else
at Bud's house for more than a year now.
Bud?
- Oh yeah.
I think that you really have
to look for the girl. Shannon.
- I can't go there.
- You have to go there sometime.
Trust me.
- [Adrian] Shannon was real.
The mysterious lady. as my sisters Paige
and Clara liked to call her.
The dancer. the halcyon of my life
for the better part of a year.
I thought I saw her in my dream as a child
with my dear grandmother.
but I could've been mistaken.
She was also the victim of
tragedy at the tip of my hand.
We met 10 years ago in Boise.
but during out time
together while I was on
a year-long retreat. we traveled
the country incessantly.
After her fall. there
was no need for my family
to learn of what was ours and ours only.
What would that do for anyone?
I knew where Shannon was at
the whole time in those dreams.
I just couldn't bear the thought
of being with her in that way.
But now. it's inevitable and destined.
Bud told me that I would see Shannon again
if I wait for the opportunity
and let it happen.
Here we are.
My urge is to forego my
family's longtime resting lawn
in Gorge County for a specified location
as listed in my advanced directive.
I know my precious family will understand.
In these past four hours.
I've written without
inhibition and without rest.
A record for me. as I usually write
from emotionally afar with
deliberation and facade.
No excessive use of adjectives
to fill in the pages
or to guide the reader to my lair.
Still. in this book. I
could say more in words.
but I have not much more left in my hand.
as everything seems to be coming
to a halt in this very moment.
Some believe that your after future
is what you believe it will be.
I've been believing in mine for some time.
and I am strangely looking forward
to being let in on the big secret.
Of course. as cliche as it sounds.
we all find out eventually.
Though the visions and
sounds in those dreams
and nightmares appeared
behind my closed eyes.
my mind was stuck. awake and real. mostly.
I was barely dreaming.
(ethereal music)
(letter rustling)
(Paige gasps)
(somber music)
(Paige sighing)
(paper crinkling)
(gentle music)
(door thudding)
- Hey. honey.
Do you know Mr. Volner's number?
- Whose number?
- It's Adrian's publisher over at Brain.
- I think I still have it in
the junk drawer in the kitchen.
Does he not know?
- Well. I don't know about that. but...
Looks like Adrian has
one more story to tell.
(Keith sighs)
(gentle music)
All right. Clara. I just got to Adrian's.
I'll see you there in about an hour. okay?
Bye.
(peacocks squawking)
Hey. there.
- Hi.
- Hi. my name is Paige.
My brother Adrian owned
the home next door.
- Oh. hi. I'm Marsha.
I'm so sorry about your brother.
- [Paige] Yeah. he'll be missed.
- Yeah. he will.
- Marsha. huh.
It's funny. he never mentioned a Marsha.
He did talk an awful lot about a Bud.
Does that sound familiar?
- Mm. no Bud. just me.
- Huh.
Do you know if a Bud's
ever lived here before?
- Um. well. I moved in a year ago.
And well. I understand it
sat empty for several years.
and I really don't know
who might've been here.
- No Bud. how odd.
Well. if you don't mind me asking.
have you ever noticed anything
strange happening here?
(Marsha laughing)
- Well. I've had some
pretty strange dreams.
Kinda fun really.
I joke around a lot that
I think there's something
in the water 'cause it's
got a very unusual taste.
But you know. I'm used to it now.
Why. is there a problem?
- Oh. I'm sorry. yeah. no problem.
It's just there's
something about your home
that just feels very familiar to me.
Maybe it reminds me of
something I saw on TV.
- Oh. yeah. that's probably it.
(light eerie music)
- Very good. thanks for talking with me.
Take care.
- Bye.
(peacocks squawking)
(light eerie music continues)
(skateboard rattling)
- [Adrian] Cameron.
Cameron.
- [Cameron] Uncle Adrian?
- [Adrian] Cameron.
- Uncle Adrian. are you down here?
(birds chirping)
Uncle Adrian?
I can't see you. Uncle Adrian.
but I can feel you're here.
You do remember this don't you?
(light music)
(electricity zapping)
I knew you'd stick around. Uncle Adrian.
(light music continues)
♪ I'm moving closer to a window ♪
♪ To a window with a view ♪
♪ Never losing distance from me ♪
♪ And not too far away from you ♪
♪ I'm moving closer. ever changing ♪
♪ Moving closer. ever changing ♪
♪ Yeah. that's not too bad at all ♪
♪ I don't mind living on a dime ♪
♪ Getting by is my sign of the times ♪
♪ And those around you eventually ♪
♪ Lead you to the same old me ♪
♪ I feel good and have a feeling ♪
♪ I feel good and have this feeling ♪
♪ Yeah. a feeling that won't fall ♪
♪ I'm moving closer. ever changing ♪
♪ And that's not too bad at all ♪
♪ I feel good and have a feeling ♪
♪ I feel good and have this feeling ♪
♪ Yeah. a feeling that won't fall ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
- [Adrian] This might be good.
(light music continues)
- [Man] Hello down there.
- You forgot to take it.
- Can you smile?
- I am smiling.
- Okay.
I'm only kidding. that was phenomenal.
- You should!
Don't record either.
- Record what. I don't get it.
- Yeah.
I know you're recording.
- [Adrian] I'm trying to
set it up for a picture.
(Shannon giggling) I'm trying
to set it up for a picture.
- No you're not.
You so are not.
- [Adrian] Yeah. I'm
trying to get it right.
but the focus isn't working.
- My butt.
(Adrian laughing)
- Oh.
(Shannon giggling)
- Do y'all still have
mints in the morning?
Is that what they are?
- No. maybe.
♪ Moving closer. ever changing ♪
♪ And that's not too bad at all ♪
♪ Yeah. a feeling that won't fall ♪
- I'll save you!
(children laughing)
- Help me.
Help me spin.
(Shannon laughing)
(light music)
(light dramatic music)
♪ I'm there. I'm there. I'm there. there ♪
♪ I'm sleeping. I'm dreaming ♪
♪ Everything I'm feeling ♪
♪ All the words before describe
the real internal meaning ♪
♪ Of what I'm dreaming ♪
♪ It's a combination of all
these things in my imagination ♪
♪ You are there. you look so far away ♪
♪ Still I can reach you.
for you to hear me say ♪
♪ Feels just like a dream ♪
♪ It doesn't feel like it seems ♪
♪ Are you really true ♪
♪ Can you feel I touched you ♪
♪ And it feels like.
feels like. feels like ♪
♪ It feels like I touched you ♪
♪ I'm there. I'm there. I'm
there. I'm there. there ♪
♪ You are there. you look so far away ♪
♪ Still I can reach you.
for you to hear me say ♪
♪ It feels like you're far away ♪
♪ And it feels like another day ♪
♪ And it feels like I'm not really me ♪
♪ And it feels like
you're not really you ♪
♪ And it feels like. feels
like. feels like. feels like ♪
♪ Feels like. feels like. feels like ♪
♪ It feels just like a dream ♪
♪ It doesn't feel like it seems ♪
♪ Are you really true ♪
♪ Can you feel I touched you ♪
♪ I'm there. I'm there. I'm
there. I'm there. there ♪